everybody welcome actor on the line
plays well it's the runks a filed old
habits die hard what can I say what can
I say you know what I'm feeling - Judas
run I want that glass can in action cuz
you can be a joke
this hero gets doesn't isn't hae Cates
y7q 7 I hate your seven questions 7 of 9
from Star Trek Deep Space nine anyway
that made it's effectively no sense here
but if you think about it didn't it make
all the sense in the world great dodge
dude I got to be 100% clear and honest
with you I feel like I've been really
bad at Isaac ever since we switched save
files and I don't know what it is about
this thing we can do this what it is
about like psychologically being on a
new save file that's got me so mind
fluttered I can't perform anymore but
I'd you know Edmond tells me it happens
to lots of guys so I'm just going to try
to work through it the only way I know
how by playing one episode of Isaac
every single day from now until the day
that I die we will still get the look of
Belial charged up for our boss fight
which is yes thankfully we will which is
actually like compulsory as far as I'm
concerned it's non-negotiable we we
might not need it for the boss fight but
there's a good chance we'll want to have
it in case we end up going up against
like the haunt for example not the kind
of guy you want to go up against with 1
hp and no other means of progress here
we will check out our shop quickly and
just want to say thank you for the
support on the new save file I think
it's done a little bit to refresh the
series as much as is conceivable some
people have asked you know why not do
mods and I don't have a great answer for
that except that it's a lot of research
to get mods that are good they don't
come out all that frequently although I
do I appreciate all the efforts of my
community puts in and some of them are
not transformative enough for my tastes
and some of them are too transformative
for my tastes you know some of them are
like you know we've tweaked all the
add-ins to make them slightly more into
with the balance we feel should be and
then like that's pretty cool
and some of them are like all the tears
are now you know cans of Pepsi and you
play as Kendall Jenner and I go okay
well like at this point I don't know
about that one hey thanks for the time
you've given me cuz it's once twice
three times a mushy damage times two
that's once twice three times a lady by
did I know who that's fine once twice
three times a lady plate maybe I don't
know once twice three times the lady is
by you shouldn't make a sequel to that
song it'd be called once twice three
times the lady fourth time we had space
alien it's like the first three times we
met she was very ladylike after that I
realized it wasn't a lady at all it was
a 100-foot monster from the locks of
Scotland something something three fit
look I was like ten when that episode
first aired I remember watching it I
don't remember the entire Loch Ness
monster mean and it's been supplanted at
this point by mankind throwing the
Undertaker through a at the top of the
hell in the cell or was the vice versa
the Undertaker to remain kind of Hell in
a Cell I don't know there's a lot of
wrestling memes you know do you smell
what The Rock is cooking as an original
meme John Cena's theme was a meme John
Cena mean mankind with hell in the cell
there's a too many wrestling needs to
keep up with at this point mean I
watched a WWF when I was younger Macho
Man Randy Savage ultimate warrior Hulk
Hogan the 1-2-3 kid
Yokozuna etc etc yo you don't remember
etc etc he was a wrestler but nobody
liked him because his matches just went
on and on finish making me do over here
all lifetime
making these Isaac episodes and that's
fine by me you know there's worse Lots
in life than playing a game you like
once a day until the day that you die
I'll trade a bomb for a key ain't
nothing wrong with that we should
probably double our bombs because we
have 14 of them if we double them so
let's do that and then makes it a lot
easier to justify giving two more of
these up I keep looking to see if chats
got any feedback on this episode so far
how do you feel about this episode chat
let me know and in four days I'll
respond to your criticism you know first
we had YouTube video on demand then we
have twitch live-streaming you know
we're going to have soon thought
streaming even faster than live as soon
as you conceive of the commentary it
exits your brain you know this would be
a bad thing I think of a lot of things
that I shouldn't say over the course of
an Isaac episode I think oh I will
absolutely take that you know we try to
keep the show free political events
current events and stuff like that we
try to keep it I like to make a show in
which I am the most controversial person
on the show as well so I like to kind of
be the guy who sets the tone oh that's
scary for that sort of stuff so I
usually we're going to crack in all this
and then maybe teleport out I want my
co-host to feel like they can't say
absolutely everything although Robert
sometimes brooches that level of trust
and then it makes it all the more
surprising when I say and basically I'm
stealing the good joke formula for
myself I'll come on mate at this point
we might as well finish the room so we
can grab this stuff without having to
worry about it anymore but still they
trying to keep things not super
controversial because I think it colors
the quality of the show and also you
know dates the episodes I'd rather talk
about like hey if you let's say you wake
up in the morning you don't shower I'm
not asking you a question I'm saying
this in this particular morning you
didn't get a chance to shower you go
to work you come back you shower do you
put the same pair of socks on that you
had before I'm not saying you wore socks
overnight and then put them back on in
the morning lord knows they get crusty
and weird but I often times you know
I'll put on a pair of socks at 10:00
a.m. I'll shower at 4 p.m. and just put
the same socks back on
I told us to my parents of all people
once and they looked at me as if like
they had no son I didn't realize that's
strange underwear I mean I can say I can
understand why it's strange because I
would never do it with underwear as soon
as you apply underwear too dirty
nether-regions
the underwear is dirty even if you just
wore it for 10 minutes you know you're
not putting that back on after a shower
and negates the purpose of being clean
there's some reason I feel like like
feet are different
everyone goes probably they listen I go
you got gross feet I actually don't have
normal feet show them what is you
weirdos tell me to show them just
noticing I'm looking on the preview here
and I'm like is Isaac a little Frei me
or is that just me maybe it's just me I
don't know I hope it's not fray me if
it's fray me I'm I'm apologetic well
sort it out before the next episodes no
computer problems at least it's not mr.
green man you know that seems fine it's
one of those things where I think if I
hadn't even mentioned it people wouldn't
have even noticed it if this computer
started to get framerate issues whenever
I got a Skype message I would be like a
little concerned anyway forgot what I
was saying earlier I like to give you
little glimpses into the life of
Northern Line right now I mean this is a
simple explanation you know or here's a
good example is what I mean to say woke
up today streams went to the grocery
store haven't showered yet I'm clean but
I haven't showered yet you know it's the
middle of summer boo we got a/c the
winter's know remarkably mild so it's
like you know relatively temperature
controlled here I'm going to shower and
then I'm going to go out and see a movie
later I'm going to put on the same socks
I got on right now every other article
of clothing it's foreboding but the
socks I'm not sure
because the socks then go into shoes
anyway it's like if they were going to
be dirty I guess they're supposed to be
the layer of protection between the
shoes and the foot that makes sense and
we'll say you ever like wear shoes with
no socks you might do it there's always
one person out there who goes like I do
that all the time it's weird
I don't I don't know how you do it I
guess if you're wearing like high heels
or something I understand it but there's
a lot of female fashion I don't
understand I'm trying to think of them
at the present moment well I feel for
women when it comes to utilitarian
fashion because I don't know that a lot
of people might not be aware of this
depending on you know your age and
fashion preferences women's pants have
smaller pockets than men's pants and
there's only a couple of different
reasons I can think of for this one is
they hold less things because they have
a purse okay but why make the pockets
smaller when you want them to be large
regardless to hold whatever you can have
I'm not talking Jenko jeans size but
like normal you know men's jeans size
and the other possible option is maybe
smaller pockets look more feminine when
you don't have stuff but I honestly
don't know I should have gone back to
the emperor card as well I honestly
don't have a good answer to your
question to my own questions here is
what I mean to say I wish I did but I
don't
[Music]
also like women's shoes it boggles my
mind and this is I mean this I wouldn't
describe this as current events but in
British Columbia recently they passed a
law that means you can't make
high-heeled shoes a part of a dress code
for a business anymore which means that
you know if you run a bar or restaurant
and part of the appeal was you had like
you know waitresses in high heels now
you can't do that anymore and you're
going to say who does that there's a lot
of places that do that that's I've never
seen that a new placebo icon or am i
losing it I might be losing it let's
grab this and when I read it I was like
I can't believe that wasn't already a
thing I get it you know I understand
that it seems a little antiquated but
there's a the idea that wearing high
heeled shoes
you know emphasizes the female form and
if you're a restaurant that for whatever
reason is selling sex even though I
think that sex and food should remain
disparate unless you're into that sort
of thing no king shaming but I know I'm
not I'm not going to Costanza the
situation okay but like hey we got a
good job for you the only downside is
you have to like irrevocably destroy the
architecture of the tendons and bones
and muscles within your feet no big deal
though because we are going to pay you
lower the minimum wage and then have it
be subsidized by customers who will then
ask for pictures of your feet in return
maybe maybe not depends how recently
Quentin Tarantino has been there anyway
I know every time I try to come over you
know the top on an issue like this
people go well there's some people who
like wearing high heels more power to
you I'm just saying to make it part of
the dress code is wild I've worked at
offices that have had a pretty strict
dress code you know like when I worked
at Disney World they would not let me
take off the Gaston uniform now this
obviously never happened but I've worked
at offices where you know like office
attire is required not
well it's like a step above business
casual but not necessarily a full-on
suit and tie but like a dresser that's
high every day
men's dress clothes are fine as far as
I'm concerned it's like you know could
it could it be more comfortable yeah
absolutely like Austin is not a fan of
men's dress clothes and I understand
where you're coming from here you got to
tuck in your shirt a tie I don't know
people sometimes they treat it as if
it's like noose they call this ties so
constricting it ties this will loosen it
up a little bit so it's not literally
choking you no one will notice you'll be
fine I don't mind wearing a suit and tie
dress shoes you know they tend to be a
little rigid sometimes they can irritate
the skin like around my Achilles tendon
not a huge problem you know it's a small
price to pay the high heels or something
altogether different so I got nothing
but respect for ladies out there that
have to wear high heels because I I
can't imagine I'd be too pleased if I
had to plus you got to learn how to walk
in them you can't just show up on day
one of wearing high heels and then be
like walking around like that famous
video of the model who falls off the
catwalk after her legs turn into
competing sine waves you know you gotta
you're gonna had you're supposed to not
only walk in them you know putting them
on is only half the battle you've got to
walk gracefully as well otherwise you
look like you know two kids stacked on
each other's shoulders wearing a trench
coat trying to get into a movie theater
for you know something rated R that they
can't see not supposed to see and that's
the end of that tangent I don't have
anything more to say about that I
disagree with Austin's notion though
that there should never be occasions
where you have to wear dress clothes you
know some decorum is appreciated I guess
maybe I'm old school like that but I
don't think so most of Chad seem to
agree with me like to a funeral you
should wear some like nice clothes not
to be respectful of the person who died
because lord knows if I die first off
almost nobody listen to this
but in my funeral please don't show up
this might sound mean but the reasoning
is that's for my family you know that's
an opportunity is that it no it's not a
tinted rock that's an opportunity for
you know my friends and close family
wait I got that reversed my family and
close friends to mourn it's about them
it's not about me
you know you honor the life you get a
slight sense of closure at least from
the castle going into the ground and
then you know you get to thinking about
how you're going to you know live from
this point onwards if you show up
wearing a no fear t-shirt and like a Guy
Fieri Sun Visor or something like that
you've taken some of the attention for
you you've made it less about the
occasion and more about like well this
is just who I am mom diners drive-ins
and dives we need to explore some more
this run is going well though I've
actually played okay and take it from me
I'm I've been talking about this in
episodes I usually underdress I feel bad
I feel self-conscious which is the other
thing I am and I know that you know
should you feel self-conscious maybe
maybe not but I think part of growing up
is you start thinking about well we got
one key back you start fighting the
important battles instead of the
unimportant battles like an unimportant
battle that I've talked about a lot in
the Isaac episodes was when I worked at
an office and I would take lunch as
close to quitting time as possible so
that when I came back from lunch I only
had like 10 minutes of work and then I
got to leave that's an unimportant
battle what's an important battle
calling your mom is an important battle
you know making sure your friends are
okay that's an important battle going to
McDonald's and ordering your french
fries specifically with no salt so they
have to cook up a fresh batch and then
you can salt them yourself first off i
looks donate first off i resist the
notion that it makes for better fries i
think they have to be salted near the
time of creation otherwise you know you
might be running the risk of to some
extent compromising the quality of the
fries to begin with by enforcing the
cooker
fresh batch now I've had uh like older
fries for McDonald's we they clearly
didn't just make them right then I
understand this appointment don't get me
wrong I'm saying this it like it's not
the Barack Obama voice but it is the
Barack Obama cadence anyway I think I
think you're robbing yourself with
respect to that but anyway that's an
unimportant battle I'll tell you
straight up
secret menu actor the fast food
restaurant unimportant battle leaving a
nice review for a local business that
you enjoy important battle no this is
stupid don't do this put a bomb here put
another one maybe we can get another
arcade on the next floor oh wow more
than an arcade when I hear that on some
they used to play I have a deli story by
the way it's a small one and I want to
preface this by saying it's your time
and everybody else's time but you can
literally do whatever you want to do at
the deli counter I'm not going to stop
you this is a tough choice by the way
but I'll err on the side of taking
damage for myself and immediately fight
a room where I would rather have
piercing beams but anyway we were at the
grocery store today I'm not going to say
which one but there's a common joke
about it being so expensive that you can
riff on the name of the grocery store
and call it blank paycheck instead that
almost hit me because I'm dumb but
anyway I'm sure kidney bean is garbage
deli counter there leaves a little
something to be desired I prefer a
little mom-and-pop delicatessen sort of
thing you know where they got a couple
of freshly made you know in-house meats
but either way you know I'm not going to
to grocery stores I'd rather just
overpay at the one grocery store for a
little bit of deli meat get home and
play an extra game of balla grounds I
digress crowded very crowded very busy I
don't know if it was built when they
expected Vancouver to only have like you
know 25 people living in the whole city
but it's tight in there so we're about
to go up to the deli counter in this you
know middle-aged woman pushes in front
of us she she borderline muscles in
front of us to the point where like
we're ahead of her but she's like
sideling in you know she's trying to
like angle her shoulders so she has a
little bit of leverage so we're like
we're fine okay we did the hand wave so
you go ahead she goes up to the front
and they go excuse me can I help you
ma'am and she says uh which kind of
salami would you recommend and I just
looked at my wife and she looked at me
and she was like don't do it and I
didn't do it because I'm a pussy but in
my head I was like he muscled in front
of us you're in such a hurry then you go
up and go which kind of salami would you
recommend you don't even know what you
want yet and then the you know poor lady
who worked there was just like I don't
know whether you think when I got this
job at the deli they were like hey
sample all the salami so you can give
recommendations to people anyway
they talked it over for like 45 seconds
and then lady was like do you want to
serve the worker was like do you want a
sample not that she's not a lady as well
but you know she's a worker in the
context of this because I'm the
capitalist but anyway I mean I'm
shopping at Whole Foods of course I'm a
capitalist okay the point is she goes do
you want samples so the lady puts a big
old slab of salami up there slices one
slice cleans it off puts of the other
slab of salami slice is one slice gives
her two slices I kid you not she ate
those two slices of salami and then went
oh just take the honey ham I thought I
was going to lose my freaking mind
here's me at the deli counter when I go
up hey sir can I help you yeah can I get
300 grams of the roast beef they're like
oh yeah sure and then no matter what
question they ask me I'm Pro workers
sometimes they go you want that sliced
thinly or thickly I'm like whatever
setting the machine is already on works
for me and I give me a little look and
they're like this guy's on the level and
I'm like I'm on the level I haven't I'm
not saying you should be out of your
rights to ask for a sample at the deli
counter but I think once you get a
sample of something I I'm not saying you
have to buy it but come on
like we sometimes we
there's all these like craft breweries
in the rough vicinity of our area in
Vancouver sometimes we'll go there and
they'll have something new don't be like
any can we get a sample of that they
give you a sample of it as far as I'm
concerned I've purchased the good at
that point do we know what was in here
there's a little brim right
half price little brim yeah well yeah
yeah half price little bring this is a
good opportunity to do boss rush oh it's
a great opportunity to do boss rush and
we get to see the little charge bar to
charge bars for our days and our nights
charging bars charging bars for the runs
that are nice and I think I want I want
bars to charge for me I don't know where
I'm going with this but I feel I've done
it before but I feel a sense of guilt if
I take a sample of something and then
get something completely unrelated like
if you can I get a sample of the
Hungarian blood sausage and then they
give you that nearly I'll just pick the
honey ham actually I'll take I'll take
whatever's cheapest now can I get a
slice of each of your kind of prosciutto
as a sample mm-hmm yes I'll take the
macaroni loaf actually you popped up
right on top of me disrespectful I feel
like there's an unspoken contract that
you know if you get a sample of
something that means you have an
intention to not purchase it but
possibly consider for your in the market
it's like going into like a Mercedes
dealership when you got a Honda budget
and you're like I can just take a
test-drive of that you know eClass
Mercedes I don't think there's anything
wrong with it certainly Daimler Chrysler
is making enough money that I think
anyway you know that they're not going
to be hurting as a result of your test
drive but you're violating the social
contract of that dealership in my
opinion at least
not to mention and you know I get
blasted for being pro corporate all the
time but there are human beings that
work at that dealership you're wasting
their time you know they work on
Commission you're taking away time that
they could be spent in talking to a
paying customer and feeding their family
you know they might not be driving a
Daimler Chrysler Mercedes E Class C
Class I don't know any Mercedes I met
well I don't know the names of any
Mercedes I just know the sound they make
when they cut in front of me in traffic
without using the freaking signal lights
but I digress
we could die the runs good enough that
we shouldn't die but that doesn't mean
we won't but I don't think we will
what oh we killed all the first floor
bosses dukkha flies was the last first
floor boss who would have thought well
the game sucks for Robert now because we
unlocked his least-favorite floor the
cellar
would you like to unlock the cellar
ololo how to version of the intro floor
you'll fight the haunt hope he's no
champion Santa Santa doors sound a
cellar door I come undone that was not a
great note at the end
that was my deli story I don't have any
other stories well there was a kid it
was like a 1 year old at the Whole Foods
there's a bunch of popcorn on the ground
and you just started eating it and like
I wasn't going to stop him
his mom was on her cell phone which I
don't mean like I didn't say that with a
tone like his mom was on her cell phone
you know maybe she's got a message from
her dad who's in the hospital or
something you know I'll accept it but I
was not going to be like a lady your
kids eating popcorn off the ground I
just sort of looked at him and then when
his mom saw she was like hey don't do
that it was in a different language but
I'm assuming she said don't do that
could be stopped maybe she said you know
save some for me I don't know but then
she looked at me like I'm supposed to oh
I don't know what to look men but in my
head because I'm accusatory and have
anxiety I thought that she was looking
at me to say like you know why didn't
you stop my son from Eden popcorn off
the ground I didn't want to tell her but
the real reason is because you know we
know that we're hurtling towards some
kind of either automation AI or
environmental focused apocalypse right
so if Kate and I ever choose to have
children her son eating popcorn off the
ground might lead to a situation in
which our child is a competitive
advantage in the future I'm not
suggesting he's going to get sick and
die just that is like potential employer
might have been watching and he's going
to be like weren't you that kid even
popcorn off the ground 22 years ago you
don't get to be part of my Cormac
McCarthy of the raid style roving band
of mercenaries I'm taking this kid
instead with the pop-culture references
who just did the parody of the undone of
the sweater song it sounds like you'd be
good for morale in the apocalypse who
does this taste funny to you you think
you can't see but in my version this
joke we're eating a clown or a stand-up
comedian preferably Dane Cook get it
because wooju legs to consume Dane Cook
a little
does this damn tastes funny to you
anyway it was a fun trip to the grocery
store that's about it there's nothing
else not that I can think of at least no
parking lot shenanigans
I've been encountering this I don't know
if this is a common thing necessarily
I've small talked I'm a good small
talker might surprise you I don't like
the small talk it's not my favorite
thing to do in the world but I don't
mind the small talk but I don't like
small talk with cashiers at a grocery
store for one very specific reason
oftentimes the I grocery shop for my
wife and myself so I'm buying things
that we both want which is great for me
because it means I can guilt free buy
snacks I probably shouldn't be eating
because she's not there to stop me and
it's a perfect time for for me to
exercise what little autonomy I have and
I actually appreciate that because
living with restrictions I think is
important otherwise you know I'd be oh
you know ten for thirteen dollars I got
to get ten family size bags of Doritos
you know it's nice to have some level of
societal guilt to kind of hold you in
place there I think anyway the point is
nothing there
child Tarr was okay because we were kind
of using that to boost up dark bum here
but so what ends up happening is Kate
drinks these like what are effectively
meal replacement drinks for breakfast
sometimes they're convenient and you
know not horrible although I'm like if
you ever had a breakfast sandwich
because this is like 180th as good as a
breakfast sandwich but I understand they
are convenient so it should get like
these drinks called Rumble or you know
soiling which is another meal
replacement drink and without fail I
would say like 75% of the time the
cashier at the grocery store will go oh
are these good and then I have to
an internal quandary then should
illustrate to you what goes on in my
brain on a regular basis I have to say I
don't know my wife drinks them which is
a bad conversational thread to leave it
on because there's no way for them to
respond easily that's like I think
that's the trick to conversation is you
always want to you know people dangle
something to you and then you take it
and you respond and you dangle something
back that gives them like an easy thing
to catch on to so they can respond like
when you say hey what's up and they go
I'm not too much how are you you go I'm
doing pretty good but how about this
weather we're having and they go oh I
know right we were going camping this
weekend but I don't think we can do it
anymore and you go camping that's really
cool where you guys going and now you're
off on a flow you got no problem so you
I'm committing the cardinal
conversational sin of replying to their
question with just a no it's like anti
improv you know you're supposed to do
yes and but instead we're doing actually
unmarried and you were coming on to me
it's accusatory right or I have to lie
and act like I oh I didn't mean to do
that but I feel a compulsion to lie and
just to keep the conversation going
better and be like oh yeah no they're
really good like I like the Dutch cocoa
one's better than the vanilla ones even
though the vanilla ones have real maple
because that's like you know then a real
maple on that yeah can you believe it I
mean at that point I'm probably checked
out with some you know I'm not getting
paid to hang out the grocery store
unlike the other party in the
conversation but anyway like 90 percent
of people listening to this are going to
go NL you're so weird
eight percent of people are going to be
like you're my spirit animal what about
the other 2% they're going to say you're
so weird without realizing that they're
also that person as well you got to
build in a little error there I'm going
to roll the whole run of course you got
fungi
it's a weird one but our damage is still
great so I ain't sweating it at all we
no longer have a dark bum which
obviously like it would be for the best
if we did but we have a host hand for
explosion immunity as well which is very
useful because a lot of our shots are
exploding so do we have the if it's the
end I can't remember one day we'll get
past this being the end it's gonna take
us like 10 episodes I guess but oh they
have been given me so many free outs
lately I'm a moron I went back for the
black heart well here's what we'll do
that that was actually an accident I
hope that that's abundantly clear we'll
find the secret rooms that could give us
a way out we'll look for self sacrifice
rooms that could give us a way out
although a dangerous one a surprise to
be sure but a welcome one and on top of
that we might be able to find a red
chest that just takes us back to the for
the devil room and that would function
appropriately as well but I really
shouldn't have gone down it's one of
those situations where like you would
only care about that if you had recently
gotten a new save file because if you
hadn't you'd be like well I can just go
down there anyway
but sadly obviously things are different
now and that's it was good you know
keeps us keeps us on our toes uh he's
barking he's barking let's go I think
it's our first crawlspace you know in
the new save we got here I'm drowsy is
not bad we get anything for a max level
Bumbo I do not recall
while our final step here is going to be
it would have been nice actually that
was just an exit but now that I think
about it I don't think you can just get
exits like that think they have to be
crawl spaces it's not just like using an
eihwaz room so we're looking for seeker
into room which we can find thanks to
dog tooth but otherwise I've caused us a
floor which is really I don't think of
it as being cost a floor think of it as
gaining a whole run because now I have
to go back and do a run that goes to
Sheol as Judas that I may or may not
have had to do prior to this trinkets
don't matter yeah I was gonna say I was
waiting for it come on because it's not
a secret room um so I'm going to do this
the goal is really just to get a like we
can get the dollar bill that would be
really nice so I never have to worry
about it again plus then we got more to
gamble with on these guys I guess but
come on come on just one dollar let's
get all also I never get so if you just
give me a dollar bill will be a very
happy camper to go go for bumbo see if I
care
dang another 48 hour energy let's just
blow these guys up I think we're out but
you know I tried genuinely I tried
through sick or buy and so try that
Weckerle a vast Bombo mesa great sort of
sounds like that right we got the wire
coat hanger for now thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoyed this episode of
you dictate the light button remember be
nice with people your local deli and of
course thanks for watching I'll see you
next time thanks for your support